I came to the door to apologize
Ask Tianyi to teach
Master Hongyuan can forgive our Qi family
My Qi family has no intention of offending Grandmaster.
It's all this trash
It's all his fault
Don't trouble our family
Offended the master
None of you are going anywhere
Especially you trash
It turned out that you slandered my master
You are guilty
I only know that your master is too stingy
So I gave him a pill to open his eyes
If you are arrogant
I can also give you a presumptuous one
Mount Tiantan speaks wildly
I think you are courting death
No wonder you dare to speak out
But my Lingjie is not only good at boxing and kung fu
Demon Spirit
Hahahaha
As long as this bell rings 5 times back and forth
You will surely kneel down and cross the tribulation
Zhang Shoucheng didn't hurry to kneel down and apologize
What is actually the personal method of a Taoist who is about to be robbed?
Forget we're all done
Birthday, don't be stubborn
Get on your knees and apologize
Yes, birthday brother
If you don't get their forgiveness
We're all going to die here
It's just the first episode of the law system, what can you do to me?
I'll let you rock a few back and forth
I discipline and court death.
Don't bite, don't bite the master
We were really wrong.
Scholar, please apologize